My
name
is
Jake
I
grew
up
in
the
Appalachian
Mountains
and
I
know
all
of
the
rules.
And
I
broke
one
of
them
a
month
ago
ever
since
I
keep
feeling
watched.
I'm
years
old
and
a
month
ago
I
was
drinking
while
on
call
with
my
best
friend
and
he
was
also.
Drinking.
His
mother
recently
died
of
a
heart
attack
he
was
feeling
down.
It
was
about
one
in
the
morning
I
locked
all
my
doors
and
closed
my
blinds.
He
was
talking
about
maybe
coming
over.
I
wish
said
no
but
I
was
drunk
and
not
in
the
right
state
of
mind.
He
hangs
up
and
I
wait.
Around
minutes
later
I
hear
a
knock.
I
forgot
to
text
him
and
confirm.
I
go
to
open
the
door
and
see
nothing.
I
yell
out
his
name.
You
there?
Nothing
but
the
wind
howling.
The
forest
was
awfully
quiet.
I
shut
the
door
and
go
back
inside.
Minutes
go
by
and
I
get
a
weird
gut
feeling.
It
was
all
a
haze
was
at
or
minutes
I
was
drunk
out
of
my
mind.
I'm
surprised
I
remembered
what
happened.
For
what
seems
like
forever
my
phone
chimes.
Jasper.
Yo
almost
there
be
in
minutes.
I
look
at
the
text
and
feel
my
heart
drop.
What
the
fuck
did
I
just
do?
I
nearly
had
a
panic
attack.
I
heard
Jasper's
voice
calling
out
from
outside
it
sounded
like
a
faint
call
in
the
wind.
I
begin
to
hear
taps
on
the
windows
all
around.
I
really
don't
know
what
it
is
but
I've
been
hearing
whispers
in
the
other
room
and
footsteps
and.
Nox.
For
my
friend
I
called
him
told
to
go
back
home
and
we
will
remain
on
call
for
the
rest
of
the
night.
I
explained
the
whole
situation
to
him.